<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                template="/template/template.xhtml">
                	
			<ui:define name="pageTitle">FAQ</ui:define>		
			<ui:define name="pageContent">
			
			
			<h:form>
			
				<article class="page">
					<header class="entry-header">
						<h1 class="entry-title"><span>FAQ</span></h1>
						<h3>ESPRIT JUG</h3>
					</header>
					
				<!-- .entry-header -->

				<div class="entry-content">
						<p><strong>JUG</strong> 
						stands for Java  User Group is an independent, international, non-profit organization that bring together stake holders and actors who
						share an interest in the Java  technology.ESPRIT JUG is the first JUG organization active in Tunisia. We are a group of teachers scientists, engineers, professionals and students who aims to promote the Java  technology through conferences regularly.
						ESPRIT JUG hopes to play an important role in promoting the Java technology spikes in Tunisia.</p>
						  
						<header class="entry-header">		
						<STRONG>Where the conference she held ? </STRONG>
						</header>
						<p>In ESPRIT</p>
			
						<header class="entry-header">		
						<strong>How to become a sponsor or exhibitor ? </strong>
						</header>
						<p> Thank you <h:commandLink value="contact us directly" action="ContactUS"  style="COLOR: #ff0000;"/>  if you want to join our list of sponsors / exhibitors. Seating exhibitors is also limited. Partners page gives you some information. We have a brochure in PDF format. Finally, we can meet if we convince your decision and help you present the project</p>
			
			
						<header class="entry-header">		
						<strong>How the day does it take place ? </strong>
						</header>
						<p> Outside of the conference, we offer a welcome breakfast in the morning, coffee breaks mid-morning and afternoon and lunch at noon. All stands in the exhibition hall, so this is a good time to make contacts, meet our partners, etc ...</p>
			
						<header class="entry-header">		
						<strong>How the day does it take place ? </strong>
						</header>
						<p> Outside of the conference, we offer a welcome breakfast in the morning, coffee breaks mid-morning and afternoon and lunch at noon. All stands in the exhibition hall, so this is a good time to make contacts, meet our partners, etc ...</p>
			
			
						<header class="entry-header">		
						<strong>Presentations are they in English or French ? </strong>
						</header>
						<p>25% of the presentations are in French. We still give 75% of sessions in English to bring some international Rock Stars. </p>
							
						<header class="entry-header">		
						<strong>What are the topics ? </strong>
						</header>
						<p>The themes are presented in section  <h:commandLink value="Program" action="ProgramOfEvent" /> .</p>
			
			
						<header class="entry-header">		
						<strong>How do I apply for a presentation ?</strong>
						</header>
						<p>Anyone can apply to make a presentation at ESPRIT JUG. To do this, you must first create a profile presenter in the "<h:commandLink value="CFP" action="CallOfPaper" />" site. Then complete the form to describe your presentation. It is possible to provide several presentations on different topics or different formats. A selection will then be made ​​by the Program Committee. Then we will tell you if your proposal has been accepted or not. You can send us proposals for presentations are chosen by the organizers...</p>
			
						<header class="entry-header">		
						<strong>Organizing the conference and how to contact you ?</strong>
						</header>
						<p>More than just an event, ESPRIT JUG DAY wants to be a moment of exchange and knowledge sharing between professionals, research professors and students.
							Its sole purpose to provide space information, exchanges and reflections around the new Java  technology.
							This event is a premiere in Africa for the international community JUG and hold sits importance to the quality of the stake holders who will participate.
							We Will welcome guests and lecturers internationally know.
							</p>
			
						
						
						
							<header class="entry-header">		
						<strong>How to keep informed of the latest information on ESPRITJUG ?</strong>
						</header>
						<p> The newsletter is the official channel for Spirit JUG announce the news. </p>
						<p> <h:commandLink value="@ESPRITJUG" url="https://twitter.com/@dadoonet" /> our Twitter account allows us to send you information fairly responsive.</p>
			
			
				</div>
				
				<!-- .entry-content -->
				</article>
			
			
			</h:form>
			
			
			
			
			</ui:define>
</ui:composition>